VerteX rebranded (#1376)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/12.5-vertex/05-enable-non-fips-settings.md

---
title: "Enable non-FIPS Settings"
metaTitle: "Enable non-FIPS Settings"

> metaDescription: "Enable settings in VerteX that allow you to use non-FIPS resources and perform non-FIPS compliant actions."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: "Enable settings in Palette VerteX that allow you to use non-FIPS resources and perform non-FIPS compliant actions."
```

icon: ""
hideToC: false
fullWidth: false
---

import Tabs from 'shared/components/ui/Tabs';
import WarningBox from 'shared/components/WarningBox';
import InfoBox from 'shared/components/InfoBox';

# Overview

Palette VerteX is FIPS-enforced by default, incorporating the Spectro Cloud Cryptographic Module into the Kubernetes Management Platform and the infrastructure components of your target clusters. To learn more about our cryptographic library, check out [FIPS 140-2 Certification](/compliance#fips140-2).

> If desired, you can allow the use of certain non-FIPS functionality in Palette VerteX at the tenant level. **Tenant Settings** provides toggles to allow non-FIPS-compliant add-on packs and non-FIPS features such as scans, backup, and restore. You can also allow importing clusters created external to Palette.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If desired, you can allow the consumption of certain non-FIPS functionality in Palette VerteX at the tenant level. **Platform Settings** at the tenant level provides toggles to allow non-FIPS-compliant add-on packs and non-FIPS features such as scans, backup, and restore. You can also allow importing clusters created external to Palette.
```
